and welcome back to a fresh episode of
the business
growth show delighted to be joined by
bob
regan arrested bob is the co-founder of
feed stories
a sought-after expert an area of
facebook advertising and deep
funnel marketing he's also author of
five books
including the fourth edition of the
ultimate guide
to facebook advertising bob a very warm
welcome sir how's how's it going
it's great so good to connect with you
over the pond i know we're living in
strange times but technology lets us do
fun stuff like this so i'm really
looking forward to our conversation
today
exactly right man bob very much looking
forward to this as i was saying before
we hit record
whilst we are whilst i run a digital
marketing company over at webchoice
we don't tend to do a lot in the areas
of facebook ads
uh we tend to do more seo and google
assistant it's gonna be a fresh
conversation for both the audience
and myself so i'm excited to jump
straight in um
without further delay bob um now i've
heard a lot that the facebook ads are
great for for businesses that are b2c
business to consumer
um but not so sure in the realms of b2b
business to business based company so i
really want to
put you on the spot here and say is
facebook ads as a whole
worth investing in as a business
absolutely because um businesses are run
by people
and people are on facebook so it's a
fantastic way to reach people
and i think some of the stuff we'll get
into today will will likely convince you
and we'll talk through some strategies
that my clients are using that i use
personally
even for my business i think are going
to be really effective for people and
may be able to change their minds if
they haven't uh given facebook a fair
shot
good stuff man well yeah i'm always up
to be convinced and always up for being
proved wrong
um so definitely always up for having a
slice of humble pie where
when needed um so for on that front
um when we've got when we've got
platforms like linkedin bob which is
obviously the
the number one platform for the b2b
space why should companies that are
perhaps doing okay on linkedin perhaps
doing okay on other digital channels are
predominantly b2b
in this instance why should they
consider facebook as another option
well let's let's frame facebook for a
business in this way
um let's say you have a really effective
outreach strategy on linkedin
or outreach strategy on google for that
matter or you have a heavy referral
strategy
i would challenge people to think about
the retargeting capabilities of facebook
so
you know the facebook just like google
is powered by
tracking the pixel and one of the things
you're able to do
is take facebook and plug it into
something that's already working i
i really love for businesses to think of
facebook as a nurturing mechanism
you know one of the things we know about
when somebody's making a decision to do
business with you
it's likely not a snap decision right
usually there is a cost involved some
sort of significant investment if you're
in coaching
excuse me or some other higher end
service
or it's an expensive product or course
or something like that
and people need to have questions
answered so
one of the great ways to leverage
facebook for
for businesses is to take people you
know put the facebook pixel on your site
and if you have a primary source of like
linkedin traffic you're driving them to
your page
now you can engage facebook to nurture
those folks so
you know things like testimonials faqs
um other sales materials you can drop
that on your prospect over time
and it really becomes something that
sells for you
right anytime so you don't have to worry
about answering the same question over
and over so
i love it as a start for businesses to
think about it as a way to nurture
prospects
and facilitate a lot of the traffic that
you're getting from other sources
that's a great point something that i
didn't think of actually
and that's probably a whole conversation
in itself that's perhaps a bit deeper
um down the facebook uh positives and
how it can really help businesses
from the sense that putting that
tracking pixel on your website or on
your landing pages
and then over time nurturing people so
like you say bobbis
especially in the b to b sphere it's
it's rare that people will give you a
call or inquire with you and then
buy from you straight away they're
probably going to do a fair bit of
research aren't they
on your competitors on what's available
on the market and so on and so forth
before they decide that you're a good
fit for them
so that nurturing space um so i feel
like we might have jumped a bit too far
ahead so perhaps we should
talk about if a business is gonna
look at facebook as a viable option um
to run ads from to generate customers
what should be some of the first things
that they should consider bob or that
they should look into when they're
setting up
well actually sam we actually started at
the beginning i
literally in my book i start with
retargeting because
the whole idea behind getting into
facebook is what's what's a way for me
to get a quick win
and this is a very much overlooked
opportunity folks
you know we've seen news right now you
know
facebook and apple are having a little
award in them
yeah regards to tracking and privacy and
things like that
but at the essence you know the way to
really leverage facebook is to plug it
into something that's
working so i i started my book with
retargeting
because that's the place where i see the
quickest wins
and when i go in and audit clients
accounts who come in
uh you know for for my advice i see that
they have this huge
gap in their marketing where they're not
nurturing their prospects properly
they're doing a cold outreach and
they're dropping a lot of leads on the
floor
so retargeting is the place to start
literally the first thing i tell people
to do is
before you even like finish you know
this chapter
you need to get the pixel installed on
your site so you start to track that
traffic
that's coming in and we're going to
start with the retargeting campaign so
that we can nurture the traffic that's
already warm
before we get into you know running cold
traffic and things like that because
as you know sam even on on google right
it's
it's ten times harder to convert a cold
person
than this to convert a warm person so i
like to let's
start starting in the middle all right
it doesn't seem logical
but when you think about the way the
technology works you absolutely see
hey i can get a win here because i'm
getting a big return on my investment
middle of funnel and bottom a funnel
and now i could focus in on you know
bringing new people and
we could talk about those strategies
next as well yeah that'd be great
now that that's a really good point
actually so it's basically making best
use of what you're already getting
so if you're already spending money on
different forms of marketing
be it outbound be it inbound be it
various digital strategies google ads
seo linkedin social media whatever it
may be
so you've got that pixel on your website
and then when people go onto facebook as
many many of us have our facebook
account we see
it's it sounds like keeping your company
front of mind whether it's like you
mentioned keep it putting out
testimonial ads
putting little snippets little bits and
pieces so you're just working them
nurturing them through the funnel
yeah and i think people tend to think of
marketing as just i'm reaching new
people and that that's
absolutely not the case marketing is a
conversation
with somebody to find a fit for your
business
and so as you know you have a lot of
conversations with folks
if you're closing people over the phone
or if you drive people in let's say to a
webinar or something like that
you know people have questions and so
why not leverage technology
to do some of that heavy lifting for you
so i mean that's absolutely the place to
start
uh when it when it comes to that and you
know if you are doing a lot of google
adwords or doing a lot of organic
seo type stuff this is a fantastic way
to supplement it
and you're not going to break the bank
on this because this it's usually
where you put a little bit of money in
to get a bigger return
so you know we typically see middle of
funnel somewhere between
five to 15 to one return on ad spend so
that means you know spend a dollar to
make 15
uh in sales so that's pretty significant
and it's not a lot of money
interesting stuff okay cool so
retargeting to start with bob and what
are some of the what are some of the
next steps
appreciate we might not have time to
cover the whole cycle but what are some
of the next steps that the business
should bear in mind
well i think once you get that part of
your
facebook marketing or facebook
advertising campaign in place
then it becomes appropriate to start
thinking about how do we reach out to
our folks now one of the things that
people have maybe found to be a
stumbling block in the pla
in the past is creating an audience of
my targeted prospects and what facebook
has done
really and they they're way ahead of
google in this this
aspect is the idea of audiences and
using modeling to find more people that
you want to do business with so
one of the best strategies somebody
could use is take
a list of their customers
import it into facebook and create with
a like audience
it basically uses their artificial
intelligence to say
you know here's a list of a thousand
customers
and i'm going to now create a model and
go find more people
on within the facebook universe that are
just like these thousands
now you know in the uk you're probably
getting a list of about 800 000 to a
million
like us in the us is about two and a
half million
are all those people prospects for you
no but what happens is when you put an
ad
out facebook is constantly doing testing
where they'll show that
that ad to people within this audience
and they're going to test the response
and they'll start to dial this thing
down
um facebook ai is really really powerful
i mean it's it's what it's what
governments you know argue about is you
know how powerful is facebook's ai
well from a marketer's standpoint it's
extremely powerful and extremely
beneficial
because what it does is it efficiently
goes and finds more people that we can
do business with
so from that aspect it's like really
powerful now from the consumer side we
can argue about those things that's
probably another podcast
but what facebook is really really good
at is finding more people
so one of the best things you can do is
hey i'm going to
upload a list of my customers and i'm
going to let facebook model it
and then i'm going to run some
prospecting ads against that look-alike
audience to find more people to come in
gotcha
yeah so we're essentially looking at the
clients we already have all the
customers we already have and telling
facebook that these these are the
customers we want to model
these are the the ideal prospects you
want to actually bring in
as leads as well and then it's using its
ai
system to put the ads out to that
specific demographic to that type of
audience go that
okay yes yes exactly and i you know the
follow-up question a lot of people have
i don't have a large list of customers
if you're a small consultancy
you know maybe you have uh like a client
base of 15 people and
as you know statistically be really
difficult to build a model
on 15 people so what we like to say is
let's
let's find something bigger that you
have that
at least models that so most people i'm
sure you're teaching them your clients
do this because they build an email list
all right so most of us have maybe if we
have a small client roster
we have a larger email roster so maybe
we have 300 500
000 10 000 emails we can use that to
model as well
because if somebody opted in to your
information and if you're using a lead
magnet a webinar
a calculator or some sort of tool you
know what you're doing is you're
building up a list of interested people
who have opted in they've given their
email address to you
you can take that and model that as well
is this going to be
his customers no but it's going to still
be
a good kind of model or referendum
for uh the type of people that want to
do this
so that's a great way to kind of step
like i don't have a big customer list
but i've got an email list and that's
where we start with a lot of people
got it so it's thinking about the actual
tools that you have right now
that you can utilize so like you say if
you've not got a whole bunch of
customers use your email list
or if you have got any any form of warm
or warmer or opted in leads that you can
utilize
so that way i guess you're not starting
from scratch you're not trying to
reinvent the wheel
you've got a solid foundation to build
your ads upon
that makes that makes perfect sense okay
yeah so once
once we've got that foundation is it
about crafting the right kind of ad so
there are certain things that we need to
bear in mind on that front rob i'm bob's
three yeah so
i've got and you can call me rob my mom
does too so that's all right
when you have a name like bob it's easy
to spell and there's all kinds of
variants of it so it works really really
well
um i i think this is where
kind of the next stumbling block for
people is so all right
i i've got a lookalike audience i'm
going to rely on facebook
you know artificial intelligence to do
the job of targeting for me
then it becomes all right well well how
do i bark and get new people into my
world and i think the first thing people
do is like hey i'm gonna run an ad to
get them to buy something
and b to b that doesn't make a lot of
sense as we talked about before
so what i what i talk about in the book
i give two very specific strategies and
they're both content marketing
strategies and this
works in the b2b world you know that if
you're going to do business with
somebody
uh you are you are going into a
relationship where they are trusting you
to do something
that's significant for them there's a
there's a
trust relationship there's rapport
needed you know if you're going to
do some of these taxes if you're going
to be
managing somebody's finances if you're
going to be giving them
you know human resource consulting you
know just think of all the different
types of businesses right they need to
know that
you are the type of person that is going
to help them so
what i like to do is lead with content
so this could be a video or this could
be an
article so if you're a writer you know
we can use an article strategy
if you're somebody who's visual we can
use a video strategy i'm going to take a
drink of water real fast
no worries man
okay so one of the things we like to do
is we like to say
let's demonstrate our ability to
identify problems for our audience
so a good piece of content identifies
the business problem
okay and then that piece of content also
shows
and projects that i'm able to solve the
problem
so you know let's say if you're in a
situation
where um you are a financial planner and
you're going out to the marketplace and
you're trying to find
other business owned business owners to
help them manage their finances
okay um you are going to put out content
that basically identifies problems that
your prospects are thinking about what's
keeping them up at night what are they
worried about
what are the problems they're working on
um i want to put content out that
identifies those problems and starts to
give them some solutions or ideas on how
to develop solutions
okay this is demonstrating my expertise
as a business
okay whether you're an individual or
you're a large corporation this works
you know both ways but what you're going
to do is you're going to demonstrate
your ability
to identify problems create solutions
and then start to create this connection
you're going to pull people in so same
way that you do your google adwords or
your seo content you're
you're putting stuff out there that
draws people in
you're going to try to maybe build a
list with like a lead magnet
or an interactive video or something
that gets people pulled in
you're going to identify the people who
are essentially thinking about doing
business with you right now
and you're going to repel the people
that aren't ready now so
we're kind of creating this path where
i'm not ready for you yet sam
or sam i i think this is something that
i might be interested in so i want to
learn more
that's all we're doing at the top of the
phone we're just starting to assist and
sort
and find little signals from people that
hey i'm interested in this
does that make sense yeah it's a top of
funnel so
yeah you've raised some great points
there bob so talking about
your expertise so laying down i guess
the typical problems that your business
gets from customers that approach you to
do business with you laying that down in
the ads that you put across
and actually showcasing that we're able
to solve these with your solutions
now in terms of driving people your way
driving potential customers your way
are we talking about getting them to
sign up for things like ebooks or white
papers or getting them to sign up for a
webinar
or are we perhaps going for harder asks
like
request a consultation request a quote
or where where should we start with this
bob where's the good
a first step i would not at this point
um give people a hard ask
meeting uh like i have not
found much success in in the clock that
i've
worked with going cold traffic to like a
console
uh that that's too big of a chasm for
them to overcome because there's there's
been no rapport building so
we can go from the extreme of i'm going
to offer you this content
and i'm not going to ask you for
anything now that seems like
absurd but you can see the fact that
you're able to retarget folks so
whether you show them a video in the
news feed
all right on their facebook news feed
they they pick up their phone and they
they watch a video a two-minute video or
a one-minute video from you
facebook basically knows who watched the
video all right
so what i like to say is hey i'm going
to create a one-minute video
and i'm just going to give them one
minute of content no strings attached
but what i'm going to do is i'm gonna
track the people that watch
at least 45 seconds of that one minute
video all right
so if they watch 45 seconds that's a
pretty significant amount of
time in terms of internet right like 45
seconds is an eternity
okay so what i'm going to do is i'm
going to build an audience of people
that spent 45 seconds or more with me in
that video
and then i'm going to move them to my
middle of funnel retargeting campaigns
and that's where i'm going to offer them
things like
lead magnets and things like that once
they signal to me that like
yeah i'm like i'm going to go deeper i'm
spending more time with you
i'm i'm downloading things then i'm
going to put them into my bottom of
funnel where i want to try to get a
consult
invite them to a webinar things like
that but it's absolutely not the place
to do that top of funnel
you could also do this by sending them
to your website
so this is the article strategy portion
where if you're a good writer
you're doing like a lot of maybe seo
content or your
blog content you drive them from a
facebook ad to your website
that's also a signal so like i left
facebook to go read your article on your
site
that's another signal to me that they're
interested so i'm going to put those
people into audience i'm going to
retarget them as well
with more of my nurturing middle of
funnel content so
you can make that absolutely work
whether you're somebody who wants to be
visual like we're doing right now or
somebody who wants to write
and has more effective use by typing out
an article something like that
gotcha okay so it sounds like starting
with
small asks so that you mentioned there
perhaps putting out a video
perhaps segregating the the people that
watch that for 45 seconds or longer
because we can show they've actually
shown an interest and they probably were
entertained by it
maybe directing them to your website
made them get um getting them to
download an ebook or download a guide or
direct them to a webinar so all these
different forms of media
that we're guiding them to entertaining
them um with we're educating them as a
as a soft ask to start with
yeah and then i guess is it a case of
slowly building it up bob to the to the
big ask to the big next step to the real
action we want them to take
here's the beauty is that you let your
prospect determine the pace at which
they want to do business with you
so it's not about us pushing them it's
about
us basically wooing them so if they're
more in heat right
they're going to ask quickly because
they're going to consider the content
quickly for you
and then they're going to like i i say
they're going to get on the off ramp
and find out what's the next step with
you but some people it's like yeah it
may take a little bit more time so
the beauty of this is not we're not
dictating to the prospect
how we want them to necessarily consume
it
we're going to give them uh we're going
to give them the ability
and the luxury of time so that we're
going to
give them content to attract them all
right
repel people who aren't ready for us
attract people who are
and then we're going to put them in this
middle of funnel where they can kind of
spin around our universe
and the the more they're in uh
looking for you or the more they're in
pain they're going to accelerate to the
center
which is where we have more of our
offers and our and our sales vehicles
but if they're just still checking you
out we have the luxury and the ability
through you know time to loop them
around
and they can kind of circle your
universe for a while all right and then
eventually say you know what
it's time and then they come in so
that's the the beauty to me is we let
the prospect
sell at their pace now we're going to do
some general prodding along the way
right if we're if we're
producing good content we're not just
entertaining them and we're not just
kind of like filling their head with
knowledge no you know
we're trying to woo them right but we're
not pushing them and it doesn't appear
salesly and that's one of the things i
like about marketing in the age of uh of
the retargeting pixel
is that we we give the prospects the
luxury of time
and they can determine the pace at which
they uh end up spending money with you
cool well that will make sense bob um
but to throw a spanner in the works
we know with things like google ads
google adwords that they're quite high
intent so typically if someone if
someone wants something they might type
it into google
help with x how do you do xyz best way
to do x or get a console for x they
might see the ad they might click
through and request a quote or take the
action that
the particular vendor wants them to take
so as of such that's why google ads tend
to be quite a higher
cost per click and the cost per
acquisition typically
tends to be a bit higher um i appreciate
with with facebook from what you've
described so far it's more of a longer
term game
which i'm all about as we we talk a lot
on the show about seo
social media marketing linkedin
marketing and longer term strategies and
organic strategies as well
so how do we make sure bob that we're
not spending hundreds or even thousands
of pounds on these strategies and not
wasting our time
by just constantly feeding out feeding
out feeding out content and never really
getting a return
yeah so that's a really great question
and that's another reason
if if you're going what you described
essentially what gene sports talked
about in breakthrough advertising and i
mentioned this in the book
looked like a 1966 but it's it's a
customer journey
and google is is a classic example of a
problem aware media just like you said
i mean it's much easier for us as a
business if you are a problem-solving
business
to go out to google because everybody
who goes to google is looking to solve
problems okay so
it makes it really easy for you to go
like i know if they type in this keyword
and they land on my page like i know
what their mindset
is facebook is an interruption mechanism
um it's essentially like television for
that matter where
you know you're watching a show and
you're interrupted with the commercial
well think about the way people use
facebook they're scrolling through
they're looking at pictures of family
friends and you know they're essentially
there kind of in this meditative state
just kind of scrolling through content
and here you come along and you
interrupt them with an ad well
that can be expensive and intrusive if
your targeting is off and your and your
messaging is off
so that's another reason to be really
thinking about
i need to have content that repels
people away
when they're not a prospect for me but
really clearly calls out to them
so the way you approach facebook
advertising
especially to a cold audience is is that
your first
thing that you're thinking about is
attention what we're trying to do is
is get them to stop the scroll and then
we need to
we basically need to grab their
attention and allow them to give us a
signal while they're
whether they're they're in or out okay
so you know the signal of going to my
website the signal of watching my video
those are the people that i'm going to
quickly move to the side okay
the top of the funnel advertising is
really not that expensive when you're
using video in an article strategy we're
talking
pennies um uh you know versus
the american term right but it's it's
relatively small compared to some of the
some of the other stuff that you're
gonna do so
it's really important that you have a
really dialed in
uh idea who your prospect is and a
really good idea of what they would want
top of funnel to be able to move them
down into that
but just understand you know this is a
big this is a
another big gap for an advertiser who is
used to advertising on google
to find success on facebook because
there's two completely
different ways that you go at it so it's
it's attention
it's sifting sorting and then it's
nurturing so
somewhat yeah a little bit more
complicated than google
but you know it's a it's a source of
customers
just don't think that everybody there is
completely unaware of you
i mean there is people right now if you
think about the way facebook
guy works so they know when people are
visiting a site on how to do something
they know when you're visiting sites for
website
production companies facebook knows that
because the pixel isn't installed
on all these sites so if you're going to
put an ad out to help people kind of
think about
redoing their website or you know
investing in
seo or google traffic facebook knows
that
and so when you're using your look-alike
audience it's going to put them into
that audience because you're essentially
in market for that
so facebook knows the type of people
that you're going to be going after
and you don't have to have 10 000
monthly budgets i mean you could have
10 15 pound uh budget a day
and and still be effective with that and
that's you know that's going to be
worth it for most businesses you you
don't have to break the bank
hopefully that clears that up a little
bit yeah i think that's really good and
i think it's put it into a
clear format of perhaps people
even myself that thought that facebook
ads was
just something really to to drive leads
in straight away
rather than this remarketing staying top
of mind
driving top of funnel and over time
nurturing prospects at their own pace
feed them the useful content and i love
the point you mentioned just there just
before bob about
sifting so making sure you really hone
in which we've talked about on previous
episodes really understand who your idol
customer is understanding the problems
you solve and
modeling that from your ideal customers
so you're not attracting
leads or sales that might waste your
time that might not generate you revenue
so you're focusing on what actually
works for you as a business
and then putting that across in the
content um but we're getting close
close to time but is there are there any
any mistakes any things that are
critical that we need to avoid when
we're setting up our facebook ad
campaigns
yeah i i think um it's interesting i
i spent some time at facebook
headquarters it's been a number of years
ago
i had a conversation with a facebook
engineer and he
he really allowed me to kind of solidify
this methodology
a number of years ago and he said this
to me
uh he said there's three there's really
three things
that affect the success of a facebook
campaign
the first thing is your targeting and we
spent a lot of time talking about
targeting
and one of the things he assured me and
i have tested for years
which is facebook can get better than me
so
we have the ability to build audiences
and facebook i
prefer these facebooks look like
audiences for my targeting they do that
better than me
the second success factor is the type of
campaign you build
i'm gonna try to get into that but
essentially you could specify the
facebook exactly what you want
whether you want e-commerce sales uh
whether you want
appointments whether you want downloads
you can be very specific with facebook
about what you want to optimize your ad
for
so make sure that you have the right
objective it's the right campaign
objective for what you're doing
so you're essentially allowing facebook
to manage your targeting
manage your objective if you align that
right
but the thing that most affects your
success as a facebook advertiser it's
it's
it's like 80 of your success rate is
your ad
and you're creative so what you want to
become good at
and what a large percentage of my book
about
is about is becoming really good at
creative
facebook allows you to use images media
and copy it's kind of the best of all
worlds for an advertiser
become really world class at writing
copy and connecting with your audience
selecting images and doing video that
connects with your audience
that is going to make you win all right
that's how you're going to win the
hearts of your customers it's how you're
going to win against bigger competitors
that have huge budgets
because you're going to have the ability
to better connect with your audience
than these big advertisers are
you're going to have the a way to
connect with them move them
to really find that rapport that really
makes a b2b
campaign work so i would say if
you are going to dive into facebook
advertising
you know get my book right study about
how to
to properly set up campaigns but really
study
and become really good at writing great
really good ads and that's how you're
going to win in the facebook advertising
game
great way to end the show bob i truly
agree content is king
across across facebook ads across many
forms of marketing whether it's your
website
whether it's your your other materials
and marketing so thanks very much bob
really
appreciate your time man thanks so much
for for explaining facebook ads
and going through the ins and outs and
sharing some really great tips with us
today
so please do tell us a bit more about
how we can learn from you how we can
connect with you and the best way to get
in touch
sure i just need to know did i convince
you like is facebook ads something
you're just dying to do now sam
i'm definitely curious more so about the
the retargeting element i mean we've
we've looked into it
in the past as an agency obviously we
want to stick to our niche
as all good businesses do um but it's
it's piqued my interest a bit more than
before
i'll say that much and i'm sure plenty
of people tuning in are going to get
stuck in after listening to this episode
that's good well i would love if you
would just even want to dip your toe in
the water i would love for people to get
my book it's the ultimate guide to
facebook advertising it's in its
fourth edition uh this book came out
facebook ads were just like you know
they they
let facebook has been 20 for like
now it's just the beginning um so i'm
really proud to be
uh kind of the next co-author of this i
co-authored it with perry marshall
um and harry is kind of the
ultimate google adwords person that's
who a lot of us studied with really
fortunate to have perry as
a friend and a mentor um but really
proud of this book it's a complete
rewrite the last
edition came out in 2017 so the book is
full of strategies
not only how to kind of make your
campaign work but again
how to write great ad creative really
how to connect to your audience it's
full of marketing wisdom it's not the
type of
how-to book that's going to be out of uh
out-of-date in six months
it's not that we we built this thing to
be able to last so
contains a lot of fundamentals about
direct marketing and how to really
leverage paid advertising
so you can get that obviously on amazon
and barnes and noble
i do have a resource set up site set up
for people if they want to go deeper
it's ultimatefb.com i have
links to get the book as well
but i've got interviews with some of the
people that help me write the book
people like brian kurtz jeff walker ryan
dice
who were friends of mine contributed to
the book
and i've had some interviews with them
some really interesting kind of insights
from
people that we all kind of look up to in
the marketing space so
ultimately.com i've got a list there and
i've got a whole bunch of free training
for people i would love people to
connect with me there
uh love to hear from people how they
enjoy the book as well
awesome bob we'll be sure to put that
all in the show description notes over
at businessgrowth.marketing if you want
to check that out
and with that bob thanks once again
really appreciate enjoyed the chat sir
cheers it was fantastic enjoyed uh
enjoyed meeting you and talking with
your audience today
nice one dude and if you enjoyed the
show be sure to hit subscribe
on wherever the heck you get your
podcast from we interview business
leaders each and every week
to provide actionable tips across
marketing sales
all to help you grow your business and
thanks very much for tuning in we'll
catch you on the next episode